# An End-to-End Project on Australian Vineyard Yield

# Introduction
This notebook details an end-to-end analysis of Australian vineyard data. In Australia, winemaking is a multi-billion dollar industry that contributes to the economy through production, employment, tourism, and exports. Each year, Australia exports approximately 780 million litres of wine to international markets, making it the world's fifth largest exporter of wine. To promote healthy vineyard production, vineyard managers employ a range of methods to water their wine grapes (e.g. microspray, sprinkler). They may also draw their water from a variety of sources (e.g. groundwater, irrigation channels). Knowledge of factors associated with high vineyard production is of interest to vineyard managers who seek to identify optimal growing conditions and hence minimize costs. Moreover, wine retailers may be interested in general wine production trends in terms of popularity of wine type (red vs. white), wine variety (Shiraz, Chardonnay, etc.), and region of origin.

The purpose of this project is to examine the relationships between watering methods/sources and total vineyard yield. We will further ascertain the popularity of certain wine characteristics, which will shed light on current trends in the Australian wine industry as a whole.

# Results
We were able to analyze and present key findings of the ABS Vineyard Census, particularly for associations between watering sources/methods and total vineyard yield. We were further able to visualise trends on a range of wine characteristics of interest, including wine type, variety, and region of origin. Tableau software in particular was helpful in visualising the geographical elements associated with the dataset, including total vineyard yield for each region.

# Conclusion
Overall, findings suggest that choice of watering methods/sources play a key role in vineyard yield, which has implications for vineyard managers who seek to maximize grape production. However, a couple of caveats must be noted. Firstly, increased profits (though higher vineyard yield) may not be offset by the increased cost in adopting more sophisticated watering sources/methods. Secondly, we cannot conclude that higher use of these watering sources/methods causes higher vineyard yield; further research could elucidate mechanisms by which these features promote vineyard yield, which may instil greater confidence in the model proposed here.
